Name=TROLL!
Description=Rage faces from /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
Icon=fffuuu-s.png
Author=edgesmash and reddit and rddt

[default]
actually.png            :act
awesome.png             :awesome
awyeah.png              :ay
babytroll.png           :baby
badpokerface.png        :badpoker
baww.png                :baww
biggrin.png             :grin
cereal.png              :cereal
cerealspitting.png      :spit
challengeaccepted.png   :ca
closeenough.png         :ce
cochran.gif             :cochran
dance.gif               :dance
datash.jpg              :datash
derp.png                :derp
determined.png          :determined
disgusted.png           :disgust
down.png                :down
dudecomeon.png          :dude
ewbte.png               :ewbte
excitedtroll.png        :et
falbulous.gif           :fal
fapfap.png              :fap
feelsgood.png           :fg
fffuuu.png              :fuuu
foreveralone.png        :fa
friends.png             :friends
fu.png                  :rich
fuckyea.png             :fyea
fullpanel.png           :fff
fumanchu.jpg            :fum
gasp.png                :gasp
gaytroll.png            :gay
gtfo.png                :gtfo
happy.png               :happy
hehehe.png              :hehehe
herpderp.png            :herp
high.png                :high
highexpectations.jpg    :he
iamdisappointed.png     :disappoint
itsnotokay.png          :notok
jackiechan.jpg          :jc
kidding.png             :kidding
lied.png                :lie
lod.jpg                 :lod
lolnotext.png           :lol
mad.png                 :mad
megusta.png             :mg
melvin.png              :m
milk.png                :milk
mouthopen.png           :mouthopen
newspaperguy.png        :np
newspaperguytear.png    :newstear
no.png                  :no
notbad.jpg              :notbad
ohno.png                :ohno
okay.png                :ok
openmouth.png           :openmouth
pffftcchchchhfffttt.png :pff
pickle.png              :pickle
pokerface.png           :poker
problem.png             :t
racket.jpg              :racket
rage2.png               :rage
redeyes.png             :redeyes
sadmelvin.png           :sadm
sadtroll.png            :st
shocked.png             :sh
sidemouth.png           :side
smirk.jpg               :smirk
somuchwin.png           :win
staredad.png            :sd
steve.jpg               :steve
stfi.jpg                :stfi
suspicious.png          :susp
tdadjump.png            :tdadjump
thoughtful.png          :th
tongue.png              :tongue
trolldad.png            :tdad
truestory.png           :ts
underbite.png           :ub
upvote.png              :up
wasted.png              :wasted
waterbottle.jpg         :water
what.png                :what
whywithhands.png        :why
wut.png                 :wut
yam.png                 :yam
yaoming.png             :yao
yuno.png                :yuno
all.png                 :all
flip.png                :flip
god.png                 :god
impossibru.png          :impossibru
badass.png              :badass
picard.png              :picard
ogw.png                 :ogw
aliens.jpg              :aliens
sad.png					:sad
wat.jpg					:wat